url: http://xsb.seiee.sjtu.edu.cn/xsb/info/12772.htm
title: Research & innovation within BT
date: [ 2017年9月13日 ]
text: 

Speaker: Jonathan Legh-Smith


BT Head of Partnership & Strategic Research


Topic: Research & innovation within BT


Introducing BT’s approach to research & innovation. The internal processes used for identify & developing new services & technology innovations, collaborations with universities and industry, and working with start-up companies.










Biography for Jonathan Legh-Smith, Head of Partnerships & Strategic Research, BT Group






Jonathan Legh-Smith directs BT’s Strategic Research programme and manages BT’s collaborative research partnerships with industry and academia. The Strategic Research programme addresses the longer-term opportunities and technical challenges facing the BT Group. BT’s research partnerships include strategic engagement with select industry partners and international universities, and participation in UK and EU collaborative research programmes.


Jonathan is also responsible for BT’s Education Engagement strategy and leads BT’s sponsorship of the Barefoot Computing programme in partnership with the BCS. Barefoot’s objective is to help primary school teachers in England prepare for the new Computing Curriculum and is at the heart of BT’s long-term Tech Literacy Campaign.


Jonathan was previously BT’s Head of Standards, responsible for engagement in national and international standards organisations. He has contributed to a number of organisations including ISO, ECMA, and The Object Management Group.


Jonathan’s background is in technology strategy and IT-related research. He was previously based in Silicon Valley, California as the VP, Technology for BT Technology & Innovation, working with early-stage technology companies and undertaking business development with BT’s Business Units.


Jonathan is a member of the EPSRC Strategic Advisory Network and the EIT ICT Labs Executive Steering Board. Other advisory appointments have included the UK Telecoms Expert on the interviewee panel for London’s successful 2012 Olympics bid.





电院本科生记1161项95分素拓，电院研究生记一次讲座素拓


同去报名链接：https://tongqu.me/act/15535
