url: http://xsb.seiee.sjtu.edu.cn/xsb/info/12581.htm
title: SEIEE – Belt and Road Ideas Competition 2017
date: [ 2017年5月19日 ]
text: 







Here is an exciting learning opportunity at
SEIEE for all the international students. SEIEE is looking for talented
foreigners with knowledge of One Belt One Road initiative and closely observed
China for a period of time. All the international students of SEIEE can take part in this competition.











The One Belt One Road Initiative launched
by the Government of China proposes the creation of new economic corridors,
spanning countries that contain almost two-thirds of the world’s population and
account for one-third of the world’s wealth. The routes cover more than 60
countries and regions from Asia to Europe via Southeast Asia, South Asia,
Central Asia, West Asia and the Middle East. 












The initiative is inspired by and symbolic
of the old Silk Road from China to Europe. B&R will enable closer
connections among nations and enhance development by creating new opportunities
for trade, investment, economic activities, technological innovation, and the
movement of people. B&R is about connectivity, connecting China and the
rest of the world which aims to create the world’s largest platform for financial
cooperation, including policy coordination, trade collaboration, and cultural
cooperation.













You can get more information by https://eng.yidaiyilu.gov.cn/. We want
to know your views on the issues related the Belt and Road (B&R)
initiative. How B&R will affect your home-country? What are your concerns
about this initiative and your suggestions? What are your expectation from
China’s development model B&R?






“一带一路”（英文：The Belt and Road，缩写B&R）是“丝绸之路经济带”和“21世纪海上丝绸之路”的简称。由中国政府领导的“一带一路”倡议“一带一路”是促进共同发展、实现共同繁荣的合作共赢之路，是增进理解信任、加强全方位交流的和平友谊之路。电子信息与电气工程学院现面向全体电院留学生举办“电院留学生眼中的“一带一路” ”征文比赛。







Deadline for
submitting your work is 1st June, 2017 (11:59pm).


Send your work to seiee_br2017@yahoo.com with  Student ID+Name+Nationly+BR  in the Subject line. 


Word Limit: 200 words


Prizes for the top three contestants.


First Prize: 1 person; Second Prize: 2 persons; Third Prize: 4 persons













All
the participants will receive wonderful gift！ In case of any questions feel free to email us on seiee_br2017@yahoo.com
































